Everyone thinks you're a mistress to some rich CEO.
Dan thinks there's no way I'll show your face at tomorrow's class for you and your party.
That asshole.
You know what?
Tell everybody we'll be there.
Didn't you hear?
I think Ellie's got herself a sugar daddy.
Wasn't she with Dan before?
Oh, that's old news.
Dan's new girlfriend is the daughter of a school board member.
Joanne is nothing like my ex.
She would never whore herself out to some rich guy.
Ugh.
God.
What a parasite.
Of course Ellie didn't come.
Guess I can't blame her.
She must be so ashamed.
It's probably too embarrassing to leave the house.
If my cheating ex and his micro-penis had the guts to show up here, why wouldn't I?